How dare you be stubborn, you bitch
Are you now?
It's just our plaything
Hurry up and drill for a while
Wait for the ride to put the asphalt castle
Do it in front of you
Hahaha dare
Do you dare to see me?
Hey.
Take a look. Take a look.
Parents who are heroes in your heart
Now kneel before me like a dog
I play around
Hahahaha
In front of your daughter
How does it feel to step into personhood and dignity?
Ah Song Yang
Su Yang, aren't you a cow?
Even the richest man in the building likes you
Now your life and death are between our thoughts
Are you still pretending?
Brother let you drill the hips
It doesn't feel interesting
Well, you learn to bark while drilling my hips
Drill three racks called three tones
I'm just looking at the face of our husband and wife
Spare the little fish's life
How about Liu Sisi?
You are at least the mother of the little fish
Just let the little fish see
You look so vicious
How am I being vicious?
I've already seen talent in the relationship between mother and daughter
Are you still not satisfied?
You are not my mother
You don't deserve it.
You dead girl
One more word.
Qi Shao killed your damn father
I'll sell you too
Liu Sisi, do you still have humanity?
Am I human?
See if you lose